doc: security: deprecate trusted storage (#30043)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/security/trusted_storage.rst

The trusted storage library enables its users to provide integrity, confidentiality and authenticity of stored data using Authenticated Encryption with Associated Data (AEAD) algorithms or cryptographic hash, without the use of TF-M Platform Root of Trust (PRoT).
The library implements the :ref:`PSA Certified Secure Storage API <ug_psa_certified_api_overview_secstorage>` for use on builds without TF-M (no :ref:`security by separation <ug_tfm_security_by_separation>`).

.. note::
   The trusted storage library is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

>    Use the :ref:`Secure storage subsystem <secure_storage>` instead (:kconfig:option:`SECURE_STORAGE`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the :ref:`Secure storage subsystem <secure_storage>` instead (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_STORAGE`).
```

>    If you have an existing installation that makes use of the Trusted Storage library with entries stored in non-volatile memory, you can switch to using Secure Storage without losing any data by enabling :kconfig:option:`SECURE_STORAGE_TRUSTED_STORAGE_COMPATIBILITY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have an existing installation that uses the Trusted Storage library with entries stored in non-volatile memory, you can switch to using Secure Storage without losing any data by enabling the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_STORAGE_TRUSTED_STORAGE_COMPATIBILITY` Kconfig option.
```
